[Music]
you have been nothing but a positive
force in my life she's one
happy birthday fee it's a dream car it's
amazing
let's get away from the city it's miles
away from everything
the celebration I'm trying to create a
moment I want to give us something she
could remember for the rest of my life
[Music]
building myself I learned that the
prison auto shop sweet ride
and smoking piece in the store you
ballplayer I'm not looking for any
trouble trouble can't hold a play
conversation
don't get your minute what are you doing
in here what's going now got a big
problem can't find the phone people I
work with do not accept mistakes it's
crazy
hey baby your phone is ringing I thought
my father Carl something in my gut was
telling me that she needed help I think
I put my phone in your bag by accident
let me help you just give me the phone
just give me the phone okay
there you go something
I need help right now please I don't
know where I'm at where are you
I keep you just for me just for me
I will find you
just hold on
you